Okay, I'm going to start, and we're on.
Mr. Tom Wolfe.
I guess the first thing is that reading this book, it could have been written within the last two weeks.
That was dumb luck.
Although I swear that I have thought many times about how similar this whole period is to what I've read about the Twins, particularly the old version.
to get there because it's a crash.
That's what it is with the highest behavior category.
It's grand in one
four days in the night.
And then he said, of course, you've got to know when to get out, too.
So, I mean, as long as it's going up from that on Friday, you know, that's enough to keep everybody going bad.
But I don't know if anything is really different.
It's like a gigantic, even like a gigantic chain there.
That's the feeling out there when I was doing research in this book.
When I was down there,
And maybe that's what happened on the .
Was the Center of Education for you in terms of Wall Street ?
for a while time it was.
We're the masters of the universe.
Take a look.
Take a look at what we're doing.
And the optimism was just almost infectious.
It made it feel like you were making money before you were paying no sense.
So, I found it was really rather zero-rating, as a journalist, to see all of this self-self.
And it was as strange to me as the South Park, South America.
I'm interested also in getting to the actual weight of the normal life.
I mean, certainly there were enormous risks to it.
But for a start, it would be enough of it just to write a novel, having never written one.
And that must be my career.
But the other thing was that I had spattered off so much about how superior nonfiction was to the novel, and how untalented, or not too much that as I'm too.
contemporary novelists were.
And that really hasn't been the problem.
But I think you're also saying it was relevant, too.
There's a lot of talent out there, but it seems to me that people with the greatest natural talent of writers were churning away from religious material rather on these private novels.
Virginia Woolf had a phrase about the novel of today.
for the last 25 years.
And I would say that they were all wrong, and that they're looking at society on a large scale rather than private law.
But that's another way to ask a president to go around saying things like that.
kind of click and say, wait a minute, I'm going a long way, and maybe disinculating properly as a serialization, and I'm just wondering about the process here.
In the original version, John McCoy was a guest, and you're right, right?
And I thought I was doing myself in favor by making money as a writer, because, oh, I'm doing research.
I know what writers do and how they feel and react.
And it didn't work because they hadn't really analyzed.
I hadn't done work.
The same kind of reporting that I should have done about the writers.
I thought I had a very empowering character.
Also, he never worked.
But then all of the big technical problems,
I decided to win.
It ruined by a scandal, even ruined by a child, a scandal.
But if you're buying millions of dollars from $100,000 or somebody who can't believe you, you can't believe you, you can't believe you, you can't believe you, you can't believe you.
and exhilaration and writing about the type of person I didn't know when we were down to.
Writing about the kind of person I thought I did not know when we were writing.
It was exciting when we were learning about a new feature, really.
And it just became a bad thing with the thesis of the other to religion,
Nicole, but I get the feeling that there's really freedom.
I thought someone's free of your group.
Someone unlike myself.
I can say that's why I was trying to have to bring up Dr. Cori.
The city.
It's incredible.
Even Nicole and everything.
So it's all over the city.
over those years.
I was amazed that these journalists had the city over us now.
Where were the, never mind Galbraith, where were the O'Harris for the post-World War II period?
Because as I look back on it earlier, O'Harris was going to be an agent, but not the last novel of the city of England.
And at one point, I wanted to do a one-fiction novel of the city.
In fact, I went to the party with any gangplank of Black Panther, but the idea of a chapter in a non-fiction novel.
In fact, it was such a perfect subject to use that picture to write it on the spot.
So I had this thing in my own time.
And finally, I decided, after I finished, I put it on the lifestyle.
But I was just tired of this.
And now they're only using the reporting technique.
I had the whole subplot in this book that I did when it was long enough to do it, but it involved in an artist.
In fact, I had four chapters with it.
I'm going to use it for some time, but I've had a lot of young artists who just came to New York and worked for a video on it.
I had a lot of fun with it, too.
I didn't want my fingers to come.
I had too much money on it.
You know, I had an awful lot of money on it.
couldn't do work in church society.
A lot of times I didn't believe that.
A lot of times I thought that it was just more difficult in a modern city.
I started looking at it and then I looked at my chest.
So I was supposed to start getting water recording.
First thing that's coming up was that I was going to have to get scared about the car.
I kept really passing.
So I said, okay, I'm just going to do the car and I'll do it there.
The structure was one of the hardest things for this person.
When I did it for Rolling Stone, I changed my outline at the last time, thinking, well, I'll just change it one little thing.
I changed the mixture of the mishap that it brings from the accordion to the trouble with the law on the system.
And I gave this guy to me that he changed one little thing in the outline,
So when I did it over, I tightened up my outline.
but it's changed rapidly.
because we're willing to cut corners.
to do, to be strong, to break that rule, just as part of his view to have a mistress, even though he's constantly in a way, left his wife, left his daughter, left his parents, left his home, always he doesn't want to change anything, and he also is owed this other
White afterwards, I think that it doesn't matter in the West.
I say, if anyone thinks this is an unfair picture of the way the ethnic and racial people lined up, living in a way they think about it better, then you go out and take a look and send back your findings to me.
I'm actually going to fall off from one another.
You can't pull punches in a very end.
and have a picture of the average who's sitting here, just like this.
The problem is that all these issues are sometimes related to television drama.
There will be a look, even if it's half-hearted, that's a political hospital.
So if somebody, a certain light soul has to be alive, he creates a higher emphasis.
He heals the woman with another way, and lets everyone see that there's a lot of issues.
And that's what I'm saying, and it's going to go on.
But you know it's going to be like, well,
Did you know from the beginning it was going to be a satire?
To this day, I don't think of it as a satire.
To me, satire consists of taking the facts.
I'm questioning it with some ludicrous.
But you do, exaggeration.
I never thought of it that way.
For example, I have a toy.
That made me feel like I didn't know enough.
I wasn't pushing it far enough.
And this was too open up again for so many of these situations.
And he said, well, it was all on paper when I made it, and it was all on paper when I lost it.
It's a wonderful quote.
I have to believe that one of the toughest things in chapter three that I just statistically went up a lot.
Now, is this something that you intended to do, or perhaps you were unhappy with it?
I tell you, my main view was this.
I knew that I could have ended the book with a happy moment with the last chapter, because in the last chapter, you see Sean McCoy's, I don't know, excitement being thrown out.
It's a very good excitement at that time.
They've done that by the judge.
And I could think of that to make it as soon as it would be that soon as it doubles.
But that was in a very unseen life.
They, in real life, in a case like this, have become a big deal of the issue.
In fact, they would never let go of them.
They would hold on until they've got it on something.
And in this case, they
They had a shot at leaving this thing to us, and it was a film.
And then after this, I mean, my own thighs, they had a possible performance.
and then there's a problem.
That was, you guys, it's down to where it is, because I have to listen to me.
Mr. Nancy, Mr. Nancy, really, it's unbelievable.
Look, he is a scoundrel in the world, and yet he has so much, uh, savvy and just sort of a platter view of what he's doing.
There are a couple of minor characters who are really complex, virtuous, and strong.
He's got the end of his career, but he gets his background.
The other burning place given was the Bureau Chief of the Manifact Bureau of the District Attorney's Office.
There's always a voice of justice to have the discussion.
He goes and wins, and we don't really know when we have to go out there.
I mean, I'm as sympathetic, I mean, I'm as typical of what you found in the city.
Basically, it would be some people who find the pressure of the city itself or feeling like blame for the desire for it.
Yeah.
One review had a really nice idea that Bacon mostly
So at one point, I was going to have a little photograph to explain the fact, the original .
And this is a vanity fair in the 1980s, I think.
But it was not to be, and I didn't know, there was a view of the reality that I left back there, and I think we all have to be in the upper reaches of London society.
going to both high and low, and you have so many different ethnic and racial groups to take them to account.
It must be difficult to avoid stereotyping in the writing.
You must have to keep in mind.
I really have to be very carefully.
Well, except that in many cases, I've never seen
I mean, that's risky.
It's not as fair.
You know, certainly open yourself up to some shots there.
That's true, but you know, I have no idea what job we did.
Any other group?
Also, the Wall Street, on the Wall Street event, you could say, and you say, well, I don't really see that much
You don't see people like her.
And even the criminals have used to be put up like .
.
I don't want to show what I saw, what a country man showed us far.
And I have a feeling that it would be criminal justice.
Part of the book, the actual people, how we feel.
Now there's people by ethnicity and race, and categorizing by that, categorizing that type of time.
I have one question.
Is this a one-shot deal, in-your-face kind of novel, and I'm going to go back to my regular work?
Well, if I'm happy when I do that, I haven't decided what to do next.
Really, it wasn't a new direction for you, but just to tell the novel itself to a writer.
I really haven't had
I hope there's a very reasonable amount.
in a particular age.
I feel like I'm challenged myself.
qualities that give a person the right stuff.
I mean, there's this kind of arrogance, this cockiness.
I remember you described the fighter pilot as a plane surgeon.
And you just have the same feeling of, I can't do anything wrong with this guy.
I'm not going to talk about that, but I think you're right.
Just as the pilots felt that they're
Maybe they're going to touch us.
Well, they believe that because they can make my past issues of paper on it, that they really are massive.
There's only this skill of success translates into an inherited.
Therefore, you can deal with making runs out of the law.
When you get an orphan killed in an accident, you can try to live with your wife.
There's a lot of good.
You know, that's right.
I was like, why not?
Just picking that up.
I've got little girls.
I've been a lot of masters with a million dollars.
So I'm familiar with it.
And I go, where the hell are they going to pick this up?
It's the same type of thing.
You start and you say, that's what I'm going to do.
I have to use that, right?
It's as simple as that.
And I guess it's going to say, why would not be a good child.
You'll do the opposite exactly.
You can't master anything.
It's just kind of all studied.